doc(metrics): add doc for exposing RSKj metrics (#3129)
rsksmart/rskj: docs/03-node-operators/04-setup/03-configuration/metrics.md

### Exposing metrics from RSKj for JConsole and Prometheus

#### 1. Enable JMX for JConsole

Java Management Extensions (JMX) can be used to expose metrics for tools like JConsole.

1. Add the following JVM options when starting your RSKj node to enable JMX:

   ```shell
   -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote
   -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.port=9010
   -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.authenticate=false
   -Dcom.sun.management.jmxremote.ssl=false
   ```

- Replace `9010` with the desired port number.
- For production environments, enable authentication and SSL for security.

2. Start your node with the above options and connect to it using JConsole:
- Open JConsole (`jconsole` command).
- Enter the hostname and port (e.g., `localhost:9010`).

> 

Reviewer: Maybe could be good add a reference to the JConsole documentation as a note? I think the official reference is: https://docs.oracle.com/javase/8/docs/technotes/guides/management/jconsole.html

---

#### 2. Expose Metrics for Prometheus Using Prometheus JMX Exporter

To expose metrics for Prometheus, you can use the [Prometheus JMX Exporter](https://github.com/prometheus/jmx_exporter), which acts as a Java agent to scrape JMX metrics and expose them via an HTTP endpoint.

1. **Download the JMX Exporter**
   Download the `jmx_prometheus_javaagent` JAR file from the [releases page](https://github.com/prometheus/jmx_exporter/releases).

2. **Create a Configuration File**
   Create a `config.yaml` file to define the metrics you want to expose. Below is an example configuration:

   ```yaml
   rules:
     - pattern: ".*"
   ```

- This configuration exposes all available JMX metrics. You can customize it to include only specific metrics.

3. **Add the JMX Exporter as a Java Agent**
   Add the following JVM option when starting your RSKj node:

   ```shell
     -javaagent:/path/to/jmx_prometheus_javaagent.jar=8080:/path/to/config.yaml
   ```

> - Replace `/path/to/jmx_prometheus_javaagent.jar` with the path to the downloaded JAR file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace `/path/to/jmx_prometheus_javaagent.jar` with the path to the downloaded jmx agent JAR file.
```

- Replace `8080` with the port where the metrics will be exposed.

> - Replace `/path/to/config.yaml` with the path to your configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace `/path/to/config.yaml` with the path to the configuration file you created in the step 2.
```
